[Music]
[Applause]
what is going on
it's okay baby it's okay mom yeah
it's okay it's okay we're okay we're
okay
oh
[Music]
so
[Applause]
[Music]
run
i don't know why he came all the way up
here there's nothing left
please there are people out there
the people that are left
another kind of people worth saving
what's the last thing you remember danny
he said we had to run
the reason you survived is because
you're a very
uncommon girl
you're not alone not anymore
do you know what mutants are
would anyone like to share their first
time
brain i was 13. i thought it was a dream
i just lost control sam
i started panicking people got hurt
roberto my girlfriend a burner
iliana i killed 18 men one
by one
this isn't a hospital it's a cage
[Music]
it's important we find out your power so
we can help you get better
i saw something
i don't think she wanted me to see
i don't think we're here to get better
this place takes your greatest fear
it makes you live through it until it
kills you
he's there
we can get out of this together
[Music]
[Applause]
dude i'm home
dude
gotcha
it's fun to be scared sometimes huh
it's bad it's just a dome it's pretty
violent
[Music]
i understand that some of jude's
behaviors would be upsetting
but i urge you to find a place where he
feels safe
i think it will be good for him good for
all of us
oh my goodness look at that that must be
the main house come on dude
[Music]
it looks like he was broken before and
put back together
who's this and some chat brahms
how'd you come up with that he tells me
all sorts of things
okay i just think it's all a little bit
creepy
[Music]
is this your new friend brance what are
some of the things you talk about
the other families he's lived with
[Music]
want to take the doll away from him yes
it's just a whisper first
is happening to him he knew your boy
would find him
[Music]
love me mommy i love you
[Applause]
[Music]
what is storytelling
storytelling started with our indigenous
people
can anyone give me an example of a myth
or a story they're afraid of
lucas
what's going on we found a part of a man
in the woods today
part of the man i guess the other half
was found
in the mine
well this has got to be an animal right
no animal i've ever seen
something is going on with lucas
these drawings belongs to a student of
mine
this is what was in the mind
it's a diabolical spirit
excuse me this is a myth for you yeah
he is my responsibility
he's here
[Music]
repent
how would you feel about going to the
mountains for christmas
grace really wants to get to know you
guys
[Music]
i don't want to leave you here with the
kids if you're not feeling
up to i'm feeling fine
i can do a couple days
surprised everyone committed suicide
expert
this should
what is this
the power's out we're leaving we can't
leave
please we're stuck here
you need to sacrifice something for the
lord
look at this all those years in the big
city we finally got out
we're living the dream maybe
it is a dream
then everything just blew up
big flash like a pink light or actually
i don't even know what color it was it
wasn't like any color i'd ever seen
before
it looks like a meteorite
i think it's radioactive i mean it's
from space right meteorites are
generally
no more dangerous than ordinary rocks
how can something that big just
disappear did you plant those
no ward you come here for a sec
oh god
[Music]
it's in the static it's in the moisture
what's in here is out there
what's out there is in here now
everything's under control
oh i hear you so in denial that thing
from the meteorite
changes everything around it
[Music]
it's just a color
can you believe me now i don't know what
i believe anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
everything's gonna be a-okay
you